2006-10-07
OK, very clear on what I need to do for the mailer.
---------------------------------------------------
DONE	0. do those things first to be able to get something out!!! PRIORITY
DONE	3. testDelivery must be present now
DONE	9. saved query with >= got saved as &gt;=
1. store the texarea region for an onchagne comparison setTimeout method that's 100% accurte
2. show the view template button OK, switch naem to "print preview"
4. I tried to send out just one row and got back no valid email addresses
5. remove
	DONE	always preview before sending out
	return receipt requested?
6. auto - check template validity
7. email columns is not showing and needs to
8. imported file and attachments needs hooking up to RFS
10. save as new template - 
11. refresh parent root when save as new, or save
12. cancel on compose 04 - "you've made changes, save them"
13. pop-up big texstarea for modifying things
14. "type of data" needs moved into the from imported file window - alos first row contains.. checkbox
15. import the help section above into the mailer
16. have send batch go to iframe, have green bar increment
17. TEST runs should not be a batch
18. default name of batches should be profile name
19. fix broken javascript
	a. template - compose mail tab
	b. your records tab



0. multiple views work
1. compose email stores values and is more readable and viewable for HTML
2. groups works for multiple
	2006-07-10: major step on the road to this, much better than I thought possible heere's the scoop:
		DONE	a. "Open" button id openCMSGroup must be enabled dynamically
		DONE	b. initial div list must be populated dynamically along with the combo list selected
		DONE	c. the array selectedCMSGroups should be initially declared, and the var CMSGroupSelCount
		DONE	e. have the system RECEIVE multiple groups

		d. [NOTE: adding suspended for now] after we add a group with callback cb1016, we need to add it in alphabetically to the options, change the array and count, and change the div list dynamically
		f. use addr_u to include groups in the groups - highlight these a different color, and debate use of color on other groups (like empty groups in light gray)

3. re-HTML the file import and compose email windows to be strict
4. get nav v1.2 buttons in upper right
2006-10-08:
-----------
5. VIP!!!!!!!!! on "from imported file" move type of data and first row contains, over to the sub-window
6. Column 15, column 16 is clumsy.
7. issues with "from imported file" persistence -"store this file in RFS " or better yet, shouldn't I integrate this into the file system now?????


bugs and IMPORTANT:
-------------------
abolish the replace into feature - or make sure that the 3-way index is present each time



other:
--------------
checking email columns is more automatic
when we save the profile have detectChange revert to 0 - and implement save profile
can I send out an unsaved profile?  should be able to

not saving email body in database
ability to view template - not working
ability to store email in a "library" or as a .eml file

so the entire process needs reworked from the beginning.  we need to get a session key and a quasi resource like with rtb or new accounts

setAdvanced
testquery
previewbatch
sendbatch
composeEmail
checkURL
selectEmailCols
uploadfile
saveprofile
deleteProfile

